---
published: true
layout: post
title:  "Chase"
date:   2023-01-27 22:40:00 -0500
excerpt: "He was running faster than he ever had before."
categories: wrote
tags: [creative, mystery, woods, injury, sinister, being followed, run, attack, getaway]
---
He was running faster than he ever had before. The muscles in his legs were burning, his lungs felt like they were full of angry bees, even his shoulders hurt from hurling his arms back and forward over and over as fast as he could. But it just wasn't fast enough. He could hear them catching up to him even over the near deafening rushing sound of his blood pumping in his ears. He tried to dig deeper for something, anything to push just a little bit harder, but he came up empty. God he was so tired, how was he still going? No one had ever run this fast before, he was absolutely certain of that based on the feeling that he was tearing his whole body to shreds. How could they possibly be gaining on him? 

Suddenly he wasn't really running anymore. His legs were trying, not having yet realized that they were no longer in contact with the ground. He flew forward, weightless for half a second, reacting to his trip and fall with just enough time to stick his hands out in front of him. Why? They weren't going to catch him, not at this speed. Maybe they just wanted to be included in the coming carnage that was going to be wrought upon his face and knees when they collided with the packed dirt and rocks of the trail. Whatever the reason, it meant his palms were first to scrape across the earth, scratching open his skin and jamming all kinds of foreign objects inside. After that, his knees performed much the same. They admirably took away as much of his momentum as they could, but there was only so much they could do, and that did not include stopping his nose from bouncing directly off the large stone protruding from the ground. It was spray painted a bright orange which was nice, he thought, as it filled his entire field of vision. He'd hate to have missed it.

He skidded to a bloody, dirty halt, right in the middle of the trail. Before he even had time to register this particular pain, he felt what was sure to add some new focal points for it. Were they kicking him? While he was down? Isn't that a bit cliche? 

"FUCK!"

They were kicking him, but not intentionally. And only once, as all three of them found it impossible to miss the crumpled mess that had just been deposited in their paths a split second earlier. They sailed over him, their impressive speed becoming impressive hurtling through the air to make their own pile of pain and embarrassment. His knees and palms were bleeding almost as much as his definitely broken nose, but the adrenaline of seeing his way out pushed that all to the back of his mind. They were a tangled, sprawled wreck, clearly faring much worse than him, as he hadn't had to deal with any limbs other than his own getting in his way. He pushed himself back up to his feet. Okay, that did hurt a lot even through the adrenaline haze, but he was running again. There was blood spattering behind him, but it was the only thing still behind him as he disappeared deeper into the woods.